As a beställare I want the team to develop a client-server distributed application in java. 
As a beställare I want the distributed application to be a networked marketplace for trading things(items).
As a beställare I want the clients(traders) and a server(marketplace) to communicate using Remote Method Invocations.
As a beställare I want the Remote Method Invocation to be implemented with Java IDL.
As a beställare I want the server to represent as a marketplace and provides a remote interface.
As a beställare I need the remote interface to allow clients to (un)register at the marketplace. 
As a beställare I need the remote interface to allow clients to sell(i.e. to place items for sale) items.
As a beställare I need the remote interface to allow clients to buy items.
As a beställare I need the remote interface to allow clients to inspect what items are available on the marketplace.
As a beställare I want the item to be identified by its name and price, e.g. "camera" for 3000 SEK.
As a beställare I want the seller to be notified by a call-back via the client's remote interface when an item is bought.
As a beställare I want the marketplace to allow client to place a "wish" to purchase an item for a specified price.
As a beställare I want the client to be notified by a call-back via the client's remote interface when a matched "wish" with price not higher than the specified wish price.
As a beställare I want the client and the server to have an access to the RMI bank server considered on Exercise 2(bankIDL) and Lab 2.
As a beställare I want the clients to be identified by names. 
As a beställare I want the client to be able to open an account in the bank to be used when clients sells or buys things on the marketplace. 
As a beställare I want the bank server to deposit an amount to the client's account when the client's thing has been sold. 
As a beställare I want the bank server to withdraws an amount from the client's account when the client purchases an item. 
As a beställare I want the purchase to be rejected if the client does not have sufficient balance to pay for the item.